{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 //\
//  VideoDetail.swift\
//  tut2\
//\
//  Created by Sang Yeob Han  on 21/07/2022.\
//\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 import
\f0\b0  SwiftUI\
\

\f1\b struct
\f0\b0  VideoDetail: View \{\
    \
    
\f1\b var
\f0\b0  video:Video\
    \
    
\f1\b var
\f0\b0  body: 
\f1\b some
\f0\b0  View \{\
        VStack\{\
            Image(video.imageName)\
                .resizable()\
                .scaledToFit()\
                .frame(width: 100)\
                .cornerRadius(12)\
            \
            Text(video.title)\
                .font(.title2)\
                .fontWeight(.semibold)\
                .lineLimit(2)\
                .multilineTextAlignment(.center)\
                .padding(.horizontal)\
            \
            \
            HStack(spacing:40)\{\
                Label("\\(video.viewCount)",systemImage: "eye.fill")\
                    .font(.subheadline)\
                    .foregroundColor(.secondary)\
                \
                Text(video.uploadDate)\
                    .font(.subheadline)\
                    .foregroundColor(.secondary)\
            \}\
            \
            Text(video.description)\
                .font(.body)\
                .padding()\
            \
            Link(destination:video.url,label:\{\
                Text("Watch NOW")\
                    .bold()\
                    .font(.title2)\
                    .frame(width:280,height: 50)\
                    .background(Color(.systemRed))\
                    .foregroundColor(.white)\
                    .cornerRadius(20)\
            \})\
        \}\
    \}\
\}\
\

\f1\b struct
\f0\b0  VideoDetail_Previews: PreviewProvider \{\
    
\f1\b static
\f0\b0  
\f1\b var
\f0\b0  previews: 
\f1\b some
\f0\b0  View \{\
        VideoDetail(video:VideoList.topTen.first!)\
    \}\
\}\
\
\
\
//\
//  Countries.swift\
//  tut2\
//\
//  Created by Sang Yeob Han  on 21/07/2022.\
//\
\

\f1\b import
\f0\b0  Foundation\

\f1\b import
\f0\b0  SwiftUI\

\f1\b import
\f0\b0  Combine\
\

\f1\b struct
\f0\b0  Video: Identifiable \{\
    
\f1\b let
\f0\b0  id = UUID()\
    
\f1\b let
\f0\b0  imageName: String\
    
\f1\b let
\f0\b0  title: String\
    
\f1\b let
\f0\b0  description: String\
    
\f1\b let
\f0\b0  viewCount: Int\
    
\f1\b let
\f0\b0  uploadDate: String\
    
\f1\b let
\f0\b0  url: URL\
\}\
\

\f1\b struct
\f0\b0  VideoList \{\
    \
    
\f1\b static
\f0\b0  
\f1\b let
\f0\b0  topTen = [\
        Video(imageName: "wish-i-knew",\
              title: "9 Things I Wish I Knew When I Started Programming",\
              description: "In this video I discuss 9 things I wish I knew before I started programming. Knowing these things would have made my journey in becoming a full-time iOS developer so much faster and easier. I hope this advice helps someone out there that's early in their career as a software developer.",\
              viewCount: 370222,\
              uploadDate: "February 17, 2019",\
              url: URL(string: "https://youtu.be/EgpKu1tAVMY")!),\
        \
        Video(imageName: "your-first-app",\
              title: "Swift - Build Your First App in 30 Minutes",\
              description: "In the first video of my Swift Beginner Series, you will build your first iOS App in Swift in 30 minutes in Xcode. Together, we will build a basic music player app that will play random songs from your iTunes library filtered by whatever genre you like.",\
              viewCount: 239150,\
              uploadDate: "May 6, 2017",\
              url: URL(string: "https://youtu.be/aiXvvL1wNUc")!),\
        \
        Video(imageName: "beginner-tableView",\
              title: "Swift UITableView Tutorial w/ Custom Cells",\
              description: "In the latest installment of my Swift Beginner Series, we'll discuss UITableView and custom UITableView Cells in Swift using Xcode. UITableViews are a fundamental part of iOS Development and knowing them well is invaluable. You will build these all the time in your iOS development career.",\
              viewCount: 162897,\
              uploadDate: "May 19, 2017",\
              url: URL(string: "https://youtu.be/FtO5QT2D_H8")!),\
              \
        Video(imageName: "delegates-protocols",\
              title: "Swift Delegate Protocol Pattern Tutorial",\
              description: "The next topic in my series on iOS Interview questions explains the Delegate Protocol Communication Pattern in Swift. This is a fundamental question in iOS development and I was asked about it a lot during my interviews. In this tutorial I'll walk you through how the delegate protocol pattern in Swift works, using Xcode.",\
              viewCount: 119115,\
              uploadDate: "May 21, 2017",\
              url: URL(string: "https://youtu.be/DBWu6TnhLeY")!),\
        \
        Video(imageName: "first-job",\
              title: "How I Got My First iOS Developer Job in 7 months",\
              description: "I went from no programming experience to getting my first job as an iOS Developer in 7 months. In this video I explain specifically what I did to make that happen. I talk about the online courses I took as well as the developer bootcamp I attended. Many people wonder how to become an iOS Developer with no programming experience, if it's possible, and how long it takes.",\
              viewCount: 112213,\
              uploadDate: "July 7, 2017",\
              url: URL(string: "https://youtu.be/Y0qCWQDRWDw")!),\
        \
        Video(imageName: "37-tips",\
              title: "37 Tips for Jr. Software Developers",\
              description: "In this video I give 37 tips to Jr. Software Engineers. Everything from getting job interviews, interacting with teammates, what language to choose, remote work, contracting, and so much more.",\
              viewCount: 106021,\
              uploadDate: "October 4, 2019",\
              url: URL(string: "https://youtu.be/jZ_BzV0DA58")!),\
        \
        Video(imageName: "average-dev",\
              title: "I'm an AVERAGE Software Developer",\
              description: "My technical skills as a software developer with 5 years experience are average. They're fine. Nothing special, but not bad either. However, I believe I'm a REALLY good overall software developer because of very good soft skills. In this video I wanted to discuss that topic for those developers out there who may be self-conscience about their lack (or perceived lack) of technical skills and knowledge.",\
              viewCount: 92292,\
              uploadDate: "January 28, 2020",\
              url: URL(string: "https://youtu.be/00o8oBjhdhk")!),\
        \
        Video(imageName: "90-90",\
              title: "Software Development: The 90/90 Rule",\
              description: "What I call the 90/90 Rule of Software Development usually bites new inexperienced developers in the ass. It's the concept that there's the first 90% of building the app... and then there's the second 90%. Let's talk about it.",\
              viewCount: 87569,\
              uploadDate: "January 24, 2019",\
              url: URL(string: "https://youtu.be/T1v_E0yuVBw")!),\
        \
        Video(imageName: "xcode-12",\
              title: "What's New in Xcode 12 | WWDC 2020",\
              description: "In this video I showcase the new features in Xcode 12. I am running the macOS Big Sur beta, but that is NOT required to download the Xcode 12 beta (although you must be in Apple's Developer Program to download).",\
              viewCount: 76224,\
              uploadDate: "June 24, 2020",\
              url: URL(string: "https://youtu.be/MMoJiZZWoCA")!),\
        \
        Video(imageName: "swiftui-basics",\
              title: "SwiftUI Basics Tutorial",\
              description: "This video is a compilation of the first 8 videos in my SwiftUI Fundamentals course as a free preview. In this set of videos we learn the basics of building your app with SwiftUI by creating the user interface for a standard weather app.",\
              viewCount: 54024,\
              uploadDate: "Dec 2, 2020",\
              url: URL(string: "https://youtu.be/HXoVSbwWUIk")!)\
    ]\
\}\
\
\
\
//\
//  ContentView.swift\
//  Shared\
//\
//  Created by Sang Yeob Han  on 21/07/2022.\
//\
\

\f1\b import
\f0\b0  SwiftUI\
\

\f1\b struct
\f0\b0  VideoListView: View \{\
    
\f1\b var
\f0\b0  videos:[Video] = VideoList.topTen\
\
    
\f1\b var
\f0\b0  body: 
\f1\b some
\f0\b0  View \{\
        \
        NavigationView\{\
         \
            List(videos, id: \\.id)\{ video 
\f1\b in
\f0\b0 \
                \
                NavigationLink(\
                    destination: VideoDetail(video:video), label:\{\
                    Text("CLICK ME")\})\
                \
                    HStack\{\
                        Image(video.imageName)\
                            .resizable()\
                            .scaledToFit()\
                            .frame(height:100)\
                            .cornerRadius(10)\
                            .padding(.vertical,1)\
                        \
                        VStack(alignment: .leading,spacing: 5)\{\
                            Text(video.title)\
                                .fontWeight(.semibold)\
                                .lineLimit(2)\
                                .minimumScaleFactor(0.5)\
                            \
                            Text(video.uploadDate)\
                                .font(.subheadline)\
                                .foregroundColor(.secondary)\
                        \}\
                    \}\
                \}.navigationTitle("Title will be here")\
            \}\
                \}\
\
\}\
\

\f1\b struct
\f0\b0  ContentView_Previews: PreviewProvider \{\
    
\f1\b static
\f0\b0  
\f1\b var
\f0\b0  previews: 
\f1\b some
\f0\b0  View \{\
        VideoListView()\
    \}\
\}\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0  CoffeeShopList(\
        logoImage: "highlandsCoffee_logo",\
         brandTitle: "Highlands Coffee",\
         description: "Leading the top 10 chain cafe brands in Vietnam is definitely Highlands Coffee. This is considered as the most successful chain cafe brand, when in the Vietnamese market even makes rival Starbucks \'96 the world\'92s No. 1 chain cafe brand \'96 must have difficulty in competition. Starting with the sale of instant coffee, Highlands Coffee was founded by David Thai \'96 an overseas Vietnamese, under Viet Thai International Joint Stock Company since 2002.  Since then Highlands Coffee has expanded its chain of stores located in expensive locations such as Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City. Most of Highlands Coffee\'92s locations are under buildings, next to the commercial center, with two fronts right on the busy main street. Highlands Coffee\'92s customers are relatively diverse with office people, business people, families with good income. As of 2016, Highlands Coffee had 130 stores nationwide. After the success of Highlands Coffee, Jollibee international corporation recently bought this brand of chain cafe and continues to develop widely. Highlands Coffee was introduced into its restaurant systems by Jollibee in the Philippines, Indonesia \'85 helping Highlands Coffee not only a \'93case-study\'94 about chain cafes in Vietnam but also throughout Southeast Asia.",\
         founderYear: "1998",\
        Owner:"Superfoods Group"\
    ),\
}